Agenda:- 
          Why Cloud Computing?
          what is Cloud computing?
          cloud Models
          cloud providers
          hands-on
          
 
          why cloud computing:-
                                before cloud computing:-
                                                        let`s take an example , you want to host a website,these are the following
                                                        things that you would
                                                        need to do:
                                                              -Buy a stack of servers.
                                                              -keeping the peak traffic in mind, buy more servers.
                                                              -Monitoring and maintenance of your servers.
                                                              
                                                        without cloudcomputiing has some Disadvantages:
                                                              -this setup expensive(own servers)
                                                              -troubleshooting problems can be tedious (monitoring the servers and
                                                                      maintaning the servers) and may conflict with your business 
                                                                      goals.
                                                              -Since the traffic is varying. your servers will be idle most of the 
                                                              time.
                                                              
          Cloud Computing:-    how it happens now?
                                                         set up was very expensive:- put your data on cloud servers and voila! No
                                                             more buying expensive servers!             
                                                         Scalability! your server capacity will vary according to traffic, how 
                                                             cool is that!
                                                         your cloud provider will manage your servers, hence no worries about 
                                                            the underfying infrastructure;
          What is cloud Computing?
                                        it is the use of remote servers on the internet to storer ,manage and process data rather
                                        than a local server or your personal computer;
         
         Cloud models:                  1)Service Models
                                        2)Deployement Models          
                                                  
                                                  
 1)Service Models:-  3 kind of sevice module -infrastractur as a service(IaaS) 
                                             -platform as a service (PaaS)
                                             -software as a service(SaaS)
                     -IaaS:-Provides     
                                                                  
